Add multiplier to native token destination (#291)
ava-labs/teleporter: contracts/src/CrossChainApplications/examples/NativeTokenBridge/README.md

- `isCollateralized`: Returns true if `currentReserveImbalance == 0`, meaning that enough tokens have been sent from the source chain to offset the `initialReserveImbalance`. If true, all tokens sent to the destination chain will be minted, and burning/unlocking tokens will be enabled.
- `totalSupply`: Returns the best estimate of available native tokens on this chain. Equal to the `initialReserveImbalance` + `tokens minted` - `tokens burned`. The amount of tokens burned is calculated as the combined balance of the burn address where transaction fees are sent and the burn address where token are sent when being transferred back to the source chain through this contract.
- `reportTotalBurnedTxFees`: Sends a Teleporter message to the source chain containing the total number of tokens at the burn address where transaction fees are sent (`0x0100000000000000000000000000000000000000`).

> - `NativeTokenDestination` requires the of setting a `tokenMultiplier` in the constructor. This allows for the scaling of tokens sent to the source chain, which can be used to normalize the number of decimals places for the token between the two subnets. If a 1-to-1 relationship is desired, please set `tokenMultiplier` to 1. If `multiplyOnSend` is set to true, the number of tokens sent to the source chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`, and tokens received from the source chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`. If `multiplyOnSend` is set to false, the number of tokens sent to the source chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`, and tokens received from the source chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NativeTokenDestination` requires the of setting a `tokenMultiplier` in the constructor. This allows for the scaling of tokens sent to the source chain, which can be used to normalize the number of decimals places for the token between the two subnets. If a 1-to-1 relationship is desired, please set `tokenMultiplier` to 1. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to true, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`, and the number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to false, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`, and number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`.
```

> - `NativeTokenDestination` requires the of setting a `tokenMultiplier` in the constructor. This allows for the scaling of tokens sent to the source chain, which can be used to normalize the number of decimals places for the token between the two subnets. If a 1-to-1 relationship is desired, please set `tokenMultiplier` to 1. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to true, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`, and the number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to false, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`, and number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`.

Reviewer 2: typo "requires the setting of a"

> - `NativeTokenDestination` requires the setting of a `decimalsShift` in the constructor. This allows for the scaling of tokens sent to the source chain, which can be used to normalize the number of decimal places for the token between the two subnets. If a 1-to-1 relationship is desired, please set `decimalsShift` to 0. `tokenMultiplier` will be a publicly accessible field of the contract and will equal 10 to the power of `decimalsShift`. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to true, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`, and the number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to false, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`, and number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NativeTokenDestination` requires the setting of a `decimalsShift` value in the constructor. This allows for the scaling of token amounts sent from or to the source chain, and can be used to normalize the number of decimal places for the token between the two subnets. If a 1-to-1 relationship is desired, `decimalsShift` should be set to 0. `tokenMultiplier` is a publicly accessible field of the contract and is set to `10^decimalsShift`. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to true, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`, and the number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`. If `multiplyOnReceive` is set to false, the number of tokens transferred from the source chain into the destination chain will be divided by `tokenMultiplier`, and number of tokens transferred from the destination chain back to the source chain will be multiplied by `tokenMultiplier`.
```
